Game Design Document.

Name: CarrieMie

Overview:
CarrieMie is a strategy dugeon game with FPS aspects. The protagonist Carrie Mie is carried by her robot
companion. The robot does not have the ability to look around rather it maps out the dugeon using sensing
technology. It has a 2d map view of the world. Carrie Mie can instruct the robot to move in certain ways.
Carrie Mie herself can't move but can doge bullets by jumping a little bit to the sides. She has a gun
and can shoot down enemies which try to attack her. Ultimate goal is to disable all security systems and
exit the premesis.

Robot Perspective:
1. The robot has a map view of the world.
2. It can detect tiles on the ground which are trapped and can kill her companion.
3. She can hack into terminals to disable the security systems.

Human Perspective:
1. Human has a gun and can shoot down enemies.
2. Human needs to be carried by her friend.
3. Human can be dropped by the robot in strategic locations to aid the process.
4. Humans collect keys card to activate doors.

We Play through the perspective of the human. We can program the robot using our tablet. which also gives
us information on our health.

Enemies:
1. Hostile Robots move like our friendly robot and can scan rooms in the same fasion. they can not detect other
	robots but can find any biological matter like ourselves.
2. Some robots can shoot projectiles.
3. These robots have three states:
 	a. designated walking mode where the robots move around in predefined path.
 	b. raise alarm is when the robot notices biological matter and tries
 		raise alarm by going the alarm initiation station.
 	c. sleep, when robots return to their nearest docking station.
 	d. alarm, all robots target the current known location of the person.

Map:
Each map is of sizes 20x20 30x30 50x50 tiles.
Types of tiles in the map:
	1. indestructable wall tiles. these tiles can not be blow up or compromized in anyway
	2. destructable wall tiles these tiles can be destroy by using bombs.
	3. floor tiles just basic floor tiles
	4. docking floor tiles. this is a docking station and is a place where the robot spawn in
		or come to raise alarm.
	5. shrubury tile. it is a tile where the human can be dropped by the robot to avoid detection
		or hide during alarm. unless a robot passes through 4 sides of the tiles then the human is
		detected.
	6. terminal tile. is the tile where the robot must come to disable security.
	7. Exit tiles, these are the tiles where the player must come to physically exit the game.
	
each map will have different items. it will have atleast 1 keycard and a few terminals.
each terminal will trigger a minigame stopping the main game. the minigame will be basically traversing the
mouse through a maze.

Map generation will be through a dungeon creation process
